It 's what I 've seen. You noticed the video here, right?
of the laser pointer made another of it
new here you latin problem
I told him to change the guy he changed .
old will be angry
I learned from priddy another seller is not
the power is 25 thousand mw
So I'm doing it here, there's a taste.
his
like it is here it will then mount
one that is neither part of it nor principal
I think he thought about getting bigger
stationery I make and do
Ok with the battery now that it's a car
special here in there
put up come here boy behind where
for who knows who a part that the shovel
that the case has at home because it is
Good, it 's dangerous. I think it's a
Great, even blind, right?
Here the key was halting
red and green is entering its
slave show put here
I had to go to work there, come
You need to not give your view
happen can see the win light green
I'm still talking, here it is.
I'm going to record it's above normal, I mean.
the work that was registered the same name
Not yet uploading just to see
now it's on the red side
work value again warned the
light up
It's a really cool thing to do.
to see in effect here
so who can be yes is good but I will
have here to show why but then
of his power, right?
whatever you get here is that you take away
only milk in the front took the law
the time is quite strong that there the
people who made her a little she
will be the largest part of the country that can
to ascend was one thing also to cut the
fuselage will try to cut the light is
nor the balance that does not have
come on
The strike has already cut off the phone. Come here.
found already sent tinga was pedro
lima had already cut already a while ago
already done in cutting everything or found the
video you get totally in the scheme
sake
the actor was just that, he sees that he is not
here to be seen then the announcement was
it was full to 18
test anything there any
doubt is if this asks me a question
just leave can lower on the video
only this is one forgetting that the charger
rechargeable battery pack
I will not leave the registration link and in the
stink job you have alone